Comments on the proposal by Federica Lupi:

1. Unclear how to isolate the impact of financial incentives...idea is to give a treatment to some individuals and see if that spreads more to others? What is exactly the treatment.

Where to apply it? small towns south of italy
Treatment at the village level -so not stratifying by income, etc..issue?- what matters is a certain population, no? poor people, illiterate people, are towns similar in terms of observable characteristics? I think the story is too large... is it not investing because of budget constraints or financial literacy or both? what is the incentive to invest? you need also knowledge to know what invest means, what to do etc? (financial literacy vs money?)

Also, how to select based on popularity? what does that mean? you need a better definition of that...also take into account average ages in those villages being too old to decide what to do? is 500 enough to invest? and how do you make sure they invest properly (knowledge again; if you give me 500 to invest, invest what? invest what it means in this case?put % of income to SP500? why should I trust it? to me it is bullshit) what matters is knowing where to invest, how to invest etc... navigating all this - financial literacy should be the key - but idk if you induce it by paying 500 euros, to do what exactly?. This is also very unreasonable to demand:

- The households that receive the incentive should not already be investing.
- The households that receive the incentive are expected not to mention the incentive to other households.
- The households that receive the incentive and start investing are expected to tell other households that they are investing.
⇒ Witnessing their peers invest should make the households that do not receive the incentive to invest more willing to invest. /// you would need to make sure people are not investing before hand or have the same level of financial literacy ... how to make sure of this? 1, 050 x 500/e is expensive treatment

I don't think this design helps you, it demands too much of people... that is not how it works... you should incentivize people not force them to do differently; like how do you make sure people that have received don't say it to the other people in the village? Also, how to make sure they invest it in proper stuff? Maybe the treatment could be a financial literacy training, giving them training on what it means to invest, why it is important etc. It can be online training -super cheap-. And conditional on having it received you can give it to more popular households (I udnerstand this does not solve the fact that some may not have the money to invest, but is not the issue about knowledge?? then restrict the population or the story, but too many things without theory ex ante) I think there are too many things mixing up in the proposal -knowledge, money etc...(they had the money before, they were not investing, it is because they are risk averse or because they are ignorant of the benefits? 500 euros to invest helps this?) But I need to convey this amicably. Basicaly, more clarity on what is supposed to happen with treatment and design the treatment so that incentives are aligned and not based on "what should happen and can't be controlled by researchers", also better knowledge on what is going on.

Proposal by Konstantinos:

it is not that better places are in general much more expensive and harder to get in because you need to have had good schools, good highschools etc to enter in the US? also, what matters is the cost of living, not only the cost of the fees of uni, can low economic status really study and move away from their places? I understand it is a matter of information too, but the barrier is economic and parental pressure. The barrier is primarly financial. how come it is not? so maybe he can justify better it is a matter of information asymmetries and then if the students can trust the information they receive when it is biased (prof being high SES)-->unclear this part.

It is true that some students may have biased beliefs about how well will they do in the future and this deters application. Why the way matters more? is not it an empirical question? why how is identify/social image? buf too many things confused here. Human counselor? mYBE... BUT what else is there that affects choices and differs by treatment and control: parental pressure etc,

Testable prediction: the key idea is that LLM are also human, they are programmed to repeat dominant info. So if they see a black student will recommend not going to berkeley. The treatment is then assumign LLM does have only grades of student and makes recommendation? but how can a recommendation be good with only this? Also, the treatment would be reducing the human factor... do students belief more the machine? how would they react to that interaction? the stakes are much lower... you are talking to a fucking screen, why AI? why not a statistical model that gives u a prediciton of how well you will do? -this is the same IA will give you? (why IA matters here?) -precisely because they lack the human knowledge and encouragement of a fucking discussion.

On the design: it is hard to see that human will give less info than llm how doy ou make sure this happens? counceling means engaging in conversation etc... content then varies by necessity with means -it also means the human has more info on the student in terms not only of race etc that can affect the choice but in terms of grades, relative performance in class, effort, ses skills (how is the machine supposed to know all this? if it takes grades, are grades comparacble between classes? IDK it is a mess). I am also confused why ti is a matter of information in the end? low ses dont have info then? this is the issue? or that they receive bias info from schools or dont belief them?
idk again there are too many intertwined things for me to understand. Maybe go to the direction of information problems and how info helps adress that and that what matters is the way info is given.
