{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Motivation, puzzle:\uc0\u8232 Providing regular information to parents arents receive information about child performance infrequently and via low-salience channels (report cards), yet more frequent/salient information treatments (WhatsApp) significantly improve grades. The puzzle is: why does the 
\f1\i channel
\f0\i0  matter if the information content is similar? ---> STARTING POINT: evidence on Dizon-Ross and, specially, Bergman (2021) //evidence that this matters more for low-ses households. This would be the main behavioral channel that connects previous literature with\
b) information frictions, salience of information, anchoring of preferences (for example, parents only remember when the signals confirm upwardly), school effects (school improving standards to avoid parents coming to complain, which nowadays is non-negligible; if they feel that more info is passing to the kids, they may feel more "supervised" then policy may reflect this. //-> are mechanisms important for policy? if yes, why? think about it a bit.\
c) Three behavioral mechanisms \'97 you already identified these: biased beliefs (overoptimism about child performance), limited attention/salience (channel matters independently of content), present bias (parents intend to engage but procrastinate without a salient trigger)\
d) RCT, but the key idea is how to improve upon Bergman, because he precisely does this. Or improving means thinking more structurally. I think still we want different intensity of treatment to test mechanism: biased beliefs is taking baseline and post, limited attention is changing the type: more messages less messages (or think about other communication mechanisms different and more ethical that whatsapp), play with frequency of message (there is also the idea that telling parents more offen makes them think of these issues, while without it they would not even think about it... a message can have the impact of "focus on this shit, you bastard")\
e) Model: augmented FU with some external variation. There is school side, there is family side and there is a kid production function. The tensions are: more messages, more engagement ? (also type of engagement should be in production function of parental effort); but we would need to observe effort of parents somehow- selfreported? - Then kids have grades that depend on their ability and the parental effort. And schools are also annoyed by parents or want to reduce interactions. IDK how to model this shit. We would need to think of the main tension that there is.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 More detail on the summary of the pieces information:\
Dizon-Ross: key idea is that poor households dont have less info, but can act less upon it. They need nudges kinda or more salient messages to catch their attention. (usually people assume that poor people have less information). She focuses on correct decision making by parents based on this I would do something very differently. development note that I need to watch out: For example, parents in developing countries are of- ten illiterate and may not be able to read or understand report cards. Limited education may also make it dicult for parents to judge their children\'92s performance themselves, especially if their children go further in school than they did, as is common in developing countries.(can this happen too in developed countries? I think it happens too... there are underdeveloped areas in developed areas :()), "Providing information directly to parents in a clear and digestible way causes parents to update their beliefs and adjust their decisions accordingly". Treatment is in giving info in a more simple manner, not in frequence,...\uc0\u8232 Show that the point of departure is the same: parents holds biased beliefs of their kids ability. We might think that providing information about their relative ability would improve their knowledge and thus their decision making. But it does not. Why? -this is the main puzzle of the literature, I think-\u8232 My case would be slightly different.. "However, the social report cards are often hard for parents to understand, or do not reach them. According to baseline survey data, 64% of parents state that they do not know their child\'92s performance from the last report; the main stated reasons are that the parents (a) were unable to read or understand the report, or (b) did not receive it in the first place. Students are supposed to deliver the reports, so children could either lose or choose not to deliver them: parents of students who performed badly are much less likely to receive the report. In addition, among the parents who think they know their children\'92s performance, anecdotally, some do not. For example, some misunderstand the grading scale (e.g., think a \'931\'94 is the highest grade when in fact it is the lowest)."\
Also important for my purposes: "To fit the framework presented in Section 2, the experiment should provide information about the individual-level trait on which parents\'92 educational investments depend. According to qualitative interviews, parents in Malawi think academic performance (i.e., scores on school-administered exams) is the most important determinant of both their investments and the returns to educational investments. If parents were wrong about the education production function, a second objective relevant for a scale-up would be to use the trait most correlated with actual individual-level returns".\
To take into account: "Randomization: I randomly assigned half the households in the sample to a treatment group that received information about their children\'92s test scores, and half to a control group, which did not.14 The randomization was stratified on a test score measure (between-sibling score gap), and a proxy for parent education (the estimated literacy rate in the household\'92s village), since one ex ante goal was to look at heterogeneity by parent education."\
Conclusion is key: " 5 Conclusion\
This paper highlights an important source of misinformation that a\uc0\u8629 ects decisions: par- ents\'92 inaccurate beliefs about their children\'92s academic performance. I show that (perceived) academic performance is an important input into parents\'92 investment decisions, but that despite the ready availability of academic performance information, many parents\'92 beliefs about their children\'92s academic performance are quite wrong \'96 with important consequences for the allocation of educational investments. Providing academic performance information to parents causes them to change both the level and type of investments they choose for their children. The impacts are seen across a broad range of investments, from those with very clean predictions about how parents should invest to maximize returns (e.g., remedial text- books that are more useful for low-performing students), to more consequential investments that proxy for overall educational attainment.\
It is perhaps surprising that baseline information is poor if the returns to knowledge are high and the information is, in principle, readily available. But, parents may over-estimate their own knowledge, or the (perceived) costs of acquiring information may be high, es- pecially for uneducated or illiterate parents. Indeed, interviews with parents suggest that\
31If salience e\uc0\u8629 ects vary and are correlated with performance, this could a\u8629 ect the slope. But, salience would likely be a household-level e\u8629 ect, or correlated with child-level controls. Online Appendix Tables G.12 and G.13, which show robustness to household fixed e\u8629 ects and to controlling for child-level controls interacted with treatment, thus assuage the concern. For dropouts, we lose statistical power quickly, but the coecient for enrollment stays stable and the p-value remains \u63743  0.15.\
23\
uneducated parents are intimidated to talk with their children\'92s teachers. These barriers to accessing information may be more pervasive in poorer countries and among poorer house- holds. Consistent with this, I find that less-educated parents in my setting have less accurate beliefs. This same pattern is also evident in beliefs data from other contexts, including the U.S.,32 and suggests a potential link between poor access to information and poverty.\
This paper focused on identifying the causal chain between parents\'92 beliefs and their investments. One area for future research would be to extend the causal chain further to better understand the link between investments and welfare, for example by measuring the objective returns to di\uc0\u8629 erent educational investments and comparing them with parents\'92 perceptions. A second direction for future work would be to design and test a scalable information-dissemination strategy."\
Key for my project is scalability for this and understand how information treatment would actually work (structural model).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Bergman: the main story here, interestingly, makes it more relatable to my research agenda. Here information is more repetitive and, importantly, it is not on "grades" but on "effort"! I think this is a good avenue to go. Notably this favors Fu et al model with effort observed into the production function. --> This paper uses a field experiment to understand potential information frictions between parents and their children and the extent to which they can be resolved by providing infor- mation to parents about their child\'92s academic progress. To measure the effects of providing additional information, I conducted an experiment at a school in a low-income area of Los Angeles. Out of all 462 students in grades six through eleven, 242 students\'92 parents or guardians were randomly selected to receive additional information. This information con- sisted of emails, text messages and phone calls listing students\'92 missing assignments and grades several times a month over a six-month period. The information provided was de- tailed. Messages contained the class, assignment names, problems and page numbers of the missing work whenever possible. Course grades were sent to families every five to eight weeks. To quantify the effects on student effort, achievement and parental behaviors, I gath- ered administrative data on assignment completion, work habits, cooperation, attendance and test scores. Parent and student surveys were conducted immediately after the school year ended to provide additional data about each family\'92s response.\
The reduced-form results for high school students suggest several important information\
problems.1 First, parents have upwardly-biased beliefs about their child\'92s effort in school:\
when asked to estimate how many assignments their child has missed in math class, parents vastly understate. The size of this bias is negatively and significantly associated with student achievement and the information treatment attenuates this bias. Second, more information increases the intensity of parental monitoring and incentives and increases inputs such as student effort. Parents in the treatment group contacted the school 83% more often than the control group and parent-teacher conference attendance increased by 53%. Third, schoolwork is consistently at the top of parents\'92 mind: parents in both the treatment and control groups ask their child whether they have completed their schoolwork nearly five times per week, on average. However, parents rarely attend meetings with teachers to discuss their child\'92s academics (15% attended parent-teacher conferences in the last semester) and neither parents nor schools reach out to each other with frequency (median parent contact is 1.5 times per semester).\
Key idea: (not structural model, but micro theory?)\uc0\u8232 Based on these reduced-form results, I model the parent-child interaction as a game of strategic-information disclosure, or a persuasion game (Dye, 1985; Shin, 1994). This is a signaling game with incentives and parental monitoring combined with potentially biased parent beliefs about their child\'92s effort. The model demonstrates the potential for children to manipulate parents\'92 perceptions of their effort if school-to-parent reporting is poor or monitoring costs are high.--> OK, so he actually uses a structural model... good point of departure.\
While this paper shows that an intensive information-to-parents service potentially can produce gains to student effort and achievement, its policy relevance depends on how well it scales. Large school districts such as Los Angeles, Chicago, and Baltimore have purchased systems that make it easier for teachers to improve communication with parents by post- ing grades online, sending automated emails regarding grades, or text messaging parents regarding schoolwork. The availability of these services prompts questions about their us- age, whether teachers update their grade books often enough to provide information, and parental demand for this information. This paper discusses but does not address these questions empirically.\
-->maybe a potential extension is long term effects? how this propagates? consider the equilibrium effect? in the paper he says that teachers adapt grading because -naturally- their nazi systems fosters parents to intervene more -which is something they generally and naturally despise. Can this be rejected in their setting? -> we observe correction of beliefs, more effort (and decreased cost of effort) - on the parental side- , more effort and gpa in the kid side? effort as reported by the prof? spillovers between treatment and control through peer effects?\
-->How to contribute beyond this? I think this is the best point of departure that I have. 
\f2\b Honest Model Evaluation
\f0\b0 \
What it does well: the model is elegant and tractable. It generates a clean likelihood function despite multiple equilibria by mapping parameter regions to unique Perfect Bayesian Equilibria. The decomposition of the treatment effect into belief vs. monitoring cost channels is a genuine contribution \'97 this is exactly the kind of structural value-added that justifies going beyond reduced form.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 The limitations, which are your research opportunities:
\f0\b0 \

\f2\b First and most important: the model cannot separate belief correction from salience.
\f0\b0  The treatment simultaneously delivers more accurate information AND delivers it via a more salient, personalized channel. Bergman acknowledges this \'97 the reduction in monitoring costs (m) and the shift in beliefs (\uc0\u960 ) are estimated jointly from the same treatment arm. There is no variation that holds information content fixed while varying the channel, so the model cannot tell you whether m falls because parents literally have lower costs of verifying information, or because the WhatsApp-style message makes the problem salient enough that they act on information they already had. This is your CF2. His model has no salience parameter \'97 it's not that he estimates it at zero, it's that the object doesn't exist in his framework.\

\f2\b Second: the child is modeled as strategically hiding information, but not as responding to monitoring directly.
\f0\b0  The child in Bergman's model decides whether to disclose a verifiable report. What the model does not have is a child who adjusts effort in response to the intensity of parental monitoring per se \'97 the child's effort choice is driven by the cost parameters cH, cL and the punishment w, not by a dynamic response to being watched more closely. This means the model cannot speak to what happens when monitoring increases continuously \'97 only to discrete disclosure decisions. In your setting, where messages arrive frequently, the child's behavioral response to surveillance is a first-order issue.\

\f2\b Third: parents have biased priors (\uc0\u960  is mis-calibrated) but update rationally given the signal.
\f0\b0  Bergman finds \uc0\u960  = 0.633 in the control group (parents think 63% of kids are high type) vs 0.270 in the treatment group. This is just the cross-sectional difference in estimated priors between arms \'97 it's not a model of how beliefs update dynamically in response to signals. There is no Bayesian updating equation in the model. This means the model is silent on how quickly beliefs adjust, whether they decay between messages, and what happens when the information stream stops. Your project is fundamentally about the dynamics of belief updating \'97 which his model cannot address.\

\f2\b Fourth: the school is completely passive.
\f0\b0  R, the probability of a verifiable report existing, is a parameter \'97 it's not a choice by the school. The school does not respond strategically to the information environment. This is both a limitation and your IO contribution.\

\f2\b Fifth: the model is static.
\f0\b0  One period. No dynamics. This matters because your intervention is about changing the frequency of an information flow, and the interesting questions \'97 does the effect decay, do beliefs persist, what is the long-run impact \'97 are inherently dynamic.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \strokec2 Why Go Beyond This Model: The Precise Argument
\f0\b0 \
Bergman's model answers: 
\f1\i given a treatment that simultaneously changes beliefs, monitoring costs, and reporting, how much of the effect on child effort comes from each?
\f0\i0  That's a good question and he answers it credibly.\
Your model needs to answer: 
\f1\i what is the causal effect of belief correction alone, holding the salience of the information channel fixed?
\f0\i0  And separately: 
\f1\i what is the effect of salience alone, holding information content fixed?
\f0\i0  These are different questions and they require a different model \'97 one where the salience of the signal enters the belief-updating equation as a structural parameter, not bundled into monitoring costs.\
The specific departure is this. In Bergman, when a parent receives a message, they update \uc0\u960  and their monitoring cost m changes. In your model, you would write the belief-updating equation explicitly as:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 New belief = f(prior belief, signal content, salience weight)
\f0\i0 \
The salience weight \uc0\u955  is a structural parameter that varies by treatment arm. If you have an arm where the information content is identical to the control but delivered via WhatsApp (your CF2 arm), you can identify \u955  directly \'97 any behavioral change in that arm, holding information constant, is the salience parameter at work. If you have an arm where information content improves but the channel stays the same as control, the residual after accounting for \u955  is the pure belief-correction effect.\
This gives you a model that is strictly richer than Bergman's, answers questions his model cannot, and is identified off variation that he did not have but that you can design into your experiment. That is a complete argument for why this is a next paper rather than a replication.\
Bergman is your main citation for parts a, b, and c. His paper establishes the puzzle (information frictions matter), the standard mechanism (belief correction), and leaves open the behavioral question (salience, channel effects, dynamic updating). His model is your explicit departure point for part d. You write: "I depart from Bergman's persuasion game by adding a salience parameter to the belief-updating equation and designing a multi-arm experiment that separately identifies belief correction from channel salience." That one sentence, with the model sketch behind it, is your answer to part d and the bonus model question.//\
Also, should I add a school dimension to this? I think a good plan is the following: 
\f2\b Core project:
\f0\b0  Static structural model with biased priors and salience parameter, identified off multi-arm RCT. This solves CF2. This is the paper you can credibly promise to deliver.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Extension 1:
\f0\b0  Add the school strategic response as a second structural layer. Same RCT data, within-classroom variation as identification, model the teacher objective function. This is the IO contribution. You frame this as a natural second paper from the same data.\

\f2\b Extension 2:
\f0\b0  Two-period model of belief persistence. What happens when the intervention stops? Do corrected beliefs persist? This uses the followup data you collect anyway. Framed as a third paper or a rich section of the second.\
Open with the puzzle \'97 information treatments work but nobody knows why. State that the mechanism question is not just scientifically interesting but policy-critical, because the optimal information policy looks completely different depending on whether the effect is belief correction, salience, child monitoring, or school response. Frame the structural model as the only tool that can answer this. Present the RCT design as purpose-built to give the model identification. Then lay out the research agenda: paper one solves the household side, paper two adds the school side, and together they give the first complete structural account of how information treatments work in education.\
The argument has three steps and you should state all three explicitly.\
Step one: information treatments are being scaled globally right now, with billions of dollars of investment, without understanding the mechanism. Cite specific programs \'97 the Brazilian and Chilean WhatsApp interventions, the SMS programs in Sub-Saharan Africa, the parent engagement platforms in US urban districts.\
Step two: without mechanism knowledge, scale-up predictions are unreliable. The effect at scale could be larger than the pilot (if the pilot undersampled high-bias parents), smaller (if general equilibrium school responses dampen the effect), or zero (if salience habituates). A policymaker cannot choose between these scenarios without a structural model.\
Step three: your research program provides exactly this. The RCT identifies the structural parameters. The model uses those parameters to compute the effect under any counterfactual policy \'97 including universal adoption, different frequencies, different channels, and different school quality contexts. This is what external validity looks like when you take it seriously.\
A lot of it is about this intuition of going large and understanding in more broad way information treatments.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 These are two theory papers that can help with the structural model...---\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Bordalo, Gennaioli & Shleifer (BGS) \'97 Salience Theory of Choice Under Risk
\f0\b0 \
The core contribution here is that agents don't weight outcomes by their objective probabilities \'97 they overweight 
\f1\i salient
\f0\i0  states, where salience is defined by how much a payoff 
\f1\i contrasts
\f0\i0  with the available alternatives. This is context-dependent: the same information triggers different attention depending on what surrounds it.\
The translation to your setting is direct and powerful. In Bergman's model, when a parent receives a message, beliefs update and monitoring costs fall \'97 but there is no mechanism governing 
\f1\i which
\f0\i0  piece of information about child performance the parent actually focuses on. BGS gives you that mechanism. A WhatsApp message arriving on a Tuesday afternoon creates a specific context: it makes the child's missing assignments 
\f1\i contrast
\f0\i0  sharply with the parent's background model of "my kid is probably doing fine." That contrast is what drives salience, and salience is what drives the decision weight the parent attaches to the information. The standard report card fails not because it contains less information, but because it arrives in a low-contrast context \'97 surrounded by other dense school bureaucracy \'97 so the bad news is not salient.\
More specifically, BGS gives you a formal foundation for your \uc0\u955  parameter. Rather than just writing "new belief = f(prior, signal, salience weight \u955 )" as a reduced-form claim, you can now ground \u955  in a proper salience function \u963 (x
\f1\i i, x
\f0\i0 \{-i\}) where the contrast is between the performance signal and the parent's prior expectation. This makes your model structurally richer: \uc0\u955  is not a free parameter you estimate, it is derived from the contrast between signal content and prior, which you can manipulate experimentally by varying how the message is framed. A message that says "your child missed 7 assignments this week" is more salient to an overoptimistic parent than to a well-calibrated one, because the contrast with their prior is larger. This generates a testable interaction: 
\f2\b the salience effect should be stronger for parents with more biased priors
\f0\b0 , which is exactly the heterogeneity you care about for SES effects.\
There is also a subtler BGS insight that maps onto your setting. They show that diminishing sensitivity means salience falls as the absolute level of payoffs increases \'97 extreme departures from zero are less salient in proportional terms. The analogy in your context: a parent who already knows their child is struggling will find a "3 missing assignments" message less salient than a parent who believed everything was fine. This gives you a prediction about 
\f1\i habituation
\f0\i0  \'97 repeated messages may lose salience over time as the contrast with the prior shrinks, which directly addresses the decay question in your dynamic extension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \strokec2 Gabaix \'97 Sparse Max
\f0\b0 \
This paper is a different but complementary angle. Where BGS is about what draws attention within a given choice problem, Gabaix is about which 
\f1\i variables
\f0\i0  the agent includes in their model of the world at all. The sparse agent builds a simplified model, attending only to variables whose impact on their decision exceeds a threshold. Variables below that threshold are set to their default value \'97 typically the agent's prior expectation.\
In your setting, the sparse max maps onto the following question: does a parent include "child's current school performance" as an active variable in their decision-making model, or do they default to their prior? Without an information treatment, most parents \'97 especially low-SES parents facing high cognitive load \'97 will run on the default, meaning they never actively consider the signal even when it is technically available via report cards. The information treatment, particularly a high-salience WhatsApp message, effectively 
\f1\i lowers the attention cost
\f0\i0  of including child performance as an active variable, crossing the threshold in Gabaix's attention function A.\
This is useful for your model in two ways. First, it gives you a foundation for why the 
\f1\i channel
\f0\i0  matters independently of content. A report card does not lower the attention cost enough to bring child performance into the parent's active model; a personalized phone notification does. Second, the sparse max predicts that attention is allocated purposefully toward variables with high variance and high decision-relevance. This means your treatment effect should be larger for parents whose child's performance is 
\f1\i more volatile
\f0\i0  or 
\f1\i more surprising
\f0\i0  \'97 another testable prediction you can take to the data.\
The sparse max also connects to your SES heterogeneity finding from Dizon-Ross and Bergman. Gabaix's model predicts that cognitive load \'97 captured by the cost parameter \uc0\u954  \'97 raises the attention threshold, so high-load parents (low-SES, multiple children, work stress) will have a higher bar for bringing any new variable into their active model. The information treatment works by lowering the effective cost of attention, and it will have a larger impact on parents who were previously just below the threshold. This is not just a story about "poor people have less information" \'97 it is a precise structural claim about where in the attention cost distribution your treatment has bite.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \strokec2 How They Fit Together in Your Model
\f0\b0 \
The two papers are not redundant \'97 they operate at different levels. Gabaix tells you 
\f1\i whether
\f0\i0  the parent's attention is directed to child performance at all. BGS tells you 
\f1\i how
\f0\i0  that attention is weighted once it is directed. In your structural model, you need both: a first stage where the information treatment crosses the Gabaix attention threshold, and a second stage where the salience of the specific signal content \'97 governed by BGS contrast \'97 determines how much the parent's belief updates and how strongly they act.\
Concretely, your belief-updating equation becomes:\

\f2\b New belief = prior + A(\uc0\u954 , signal variance) \'d7 \u963 (signal content, prior) \'d7 (signal \u8722  prior)
\f0\b0 \
where A is Gabaix's attention function (does the parent engage at all?) and \uc0\u963  is BGS's salience function (given engagement, how much does the signal move beliefs?). Your RCT arms identify these separately: an arm that changes channel but not content identifies A, an arm that changes content but not channel identifies \u963 , and your full treatment arm identifies the joint effect.\
This is a genuine theoretical contribution beyond Bergman, and you can state it precisely: Bergman's model has neither A nor \uc0\u963  \'97 it bundles both into a single monitoring cost parameter m, which is why it cannot distinguish the channel effect from the content effect. Your model unpacks that bundle using two well-established theoretical tools from the behavioral literature. --> maybe ambition can backfire. so watchout and simplify if needed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Now, let's try to think of adding the school dimension in an extension. Let's try to think of the Chao Fu/ Metha extension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 The concrete borrowing plan
\f0\b0 \
For the extension, I would suggest the following. Keep the production function from Fu & Mehta almost verbatim, but drop the peer quality terms (since tracking regime is not your intervention) and add the information environment as a shifter of parental beliefs and effort. Keep their school objective but add the parental monitoring disutility term. Keep their timing structure. Estimate the school-side parameters off within-classroom variation in your RCT \'97 specifically, if teachers in treatment classrooms systematically adjust their grading, homework assignments, or parent contact patterns compared to control classrooms, that variation identifies \uc0\u948 .\
The key counterfactual you can then run \'97 which Fu & Mehta cannot \'97 is: what is the equilibrium effect of universal information provision, accounting for both the household-side belief correction and the school-side strategic response? If \uc0\u948  is large and positive (schools strongly dislike parental engagement), the school's offsetting effort reduction could substantially dampen the treatment effect at scale. If \u948  is small, the complementarity dominates and the treatment effect is amplified. Fu & Mehta's framework gives you the machinery to compute both scenarios and compare them to the reduced-form RCT estimate, which is exactly the kind of external validity argument your notes describe as the policy payoff of the structural approach.\
}